README.md, before:

# README

Credit to the [Data Science Working Group](http://datascience.codeforsanfrancisco.org) for this template. To complete this project, delete all template text (save for the headers) and fill in your own information.

Begin reading `instructions.md` to get started.

## Project Intro/Objective
The purpose of this project is ________. (Describe the main goals of the project and potential civic impact. Limit to a short paragraph, 3-6 Sentences)

### Methods Used
* Inferential Statistics
* Machine Learning
* Data Visualization
* Predictive Modeling
* etc.

### Technologies
* R 
* Python
* D3
* PostGres, MySql
* Pandas, jupyter
* HTML
* JavaScript
* etc. 

## Project Description
(Provide more detailed overview of the project.  Talk a bit about your data sources and what questions and hypothesis you are exploring. What specific data analysis/visualization and modelling work are you using to solve the problem? What blockers and challenges are you facing?  Feel free to number or bullet point things here)

Commit message:

complete functions for the average, median and stddev.

README.md, after:

# README

Credit to the [Data Science Working Group](http://datascience.codeforsanfrancisco.org) for this template. 

## Project Intro/Objective
The purpose of this project is to analyze stock data that will help the national consumer bank make better fiancial decisions based on the overall stock data.(Describe the main goals of the project and potential civic impact. Limit to a short paragraph, 3-6 Sentences)

### Methods Used
* Inferential Statistics
* Machine Learning
* Data Visualization
* Predictive Modeling
* etc.

### Technologies
* R 
* Python
* D3
* PostGres, MySql
* Pandas, jupyter
* HTML
* JavaScript
* etc. 

## Project Description
(Provide more detailed overview of the project.  Talk a bit about your data sources and what questions and hypothesis you are exploring. What specific data analysis/visualization and modelling work are you using to solve the problem? What blockers and challenges are you facing?  Feel free to number or bullet point things here)
